Applied allocation test (#1417)
googleforgames/agones: test/load/allocation/README.md

> This tests creates a proper amount of GS, switch them to Allocated state and finally shut them down (*automaticShutdownDelayMin* flag in a simple-udp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test creates a proper amount of GameServers at the initial step, switch them to Allocated state and finally shut them down (*automaticShutdownDelayMin* flag in a simple-udp).
```

> This test creates a proper amount of GameServers at the initial step, switch them to Allocated state and finally shut them down (`automaticShutdownDelayMin` flag in a simple-udp).

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure i understand what "proper amount" means here? Can we rephrase?

Added a top level contention for the test -- not sure I got it 100% right, please review.

```suggestion
This is a load test to determine Allocation QPS over time against a set of GameServers that are constantly being shutdown after a period.

This test creates a proper amount of GameServers at the initial step, switch them to Allocated state and finally shut them down after a set period (`automaticShutdownDelayMin` flag in a simple-udp).
```

Author: Updated

1) Run kubectl apply -f ./fleet.yaml

> 2) Run *runAllocation.sh* to perform this test. You can provide a number of runs as a parameter (3 is a default value)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Run `runAllocation.sh` script to perform this test. You can provide a number of runs as a parameter (3 is a default value)
```

> Number of allocated GameServers = numberOfClients * reqPerClient (see `allocationload.go`)

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I'm not sure what this means.

Reviewer: This is used in the line below, intended to clarify parameters to pass to the test.

> To run this test in a normal condition number of replicas in the yaml file should be >= allocated GS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this test under the normal conditions the number of replicas in the yaml file should be >= allocated GameServers.
```

> This test can be used as continous hours running test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test can be used as a continuous hours running test.
```

> To run this test in under the normal conditions number of replicas in the yaml file should be >= allocated GameServers.

Reviewer 2: Also not sure what this means either. Can we rephrase? Is this inline with what you meant?
```suggestion
If this test is running without error, the number of replicas specified in the fleet.yaml (defaults to 100), should always be greater than the number of Allocated GameServers
```

I am not sure how there could be more Allocated GameServers than those in the Fleet? Maybe I missed the point of the sentence?

Reviewer: Yes, the idea was to say "Number of Request to Allocate GameServers" from the above formula.

> This test can be used as a continuous hours running test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This test can be run over multiple hours. To do this <how do I do this?>
```

Is that better?

Author: updated this block

This is a load test to determine Allocation QPS over time against a set of GameServers that are constantly being shutdown after a period.

This test creates a configured amount of GameServers at the initial step, switches them to Allocated state and finally shuts them down (`automaticShutdownDelayMin` flag in a simple-udp).

1) Run kubectl apply -f ./fleet.yaml
2) Run `runAllocation.sh` script to perform this test. You can provide a number of runs as a parameter (3 is a default value). There is a 500 seconds pause after each run.

> To run this test under the normal conditions number of replicas in the yaml file should be >= numberOfClients * reqPerClient

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run this test under normal conditions the number of replicas in the yaml file should be >= numberOfClients * reqPerClient
```
